(Jung Ryeo Won)
(Wi Ha Jun)
(Scriptwriter: Park Kyeong Hwa)
(Director: Ahn Pan Seok)
(The Midnight Romance in Hagwon)
(EPISODE 3)
Promotion isn't everything.
Don't forget the best promotion
is lecture skills and word of mouth.
Understood. I'll do my best.
Thank you.
How about this?
A teacher and
student sally forth.
A miraculous
teacher and student.
Isn't it a more touching story?
I see.
(Daechi Chase)
It seems our discussion
isn't quite finished.
Could you elaborate
on what you just said?
From what I heard.
we're sharing a limited
amount of pie in this industry.
Right. We have a limited
number of students.
But every year. the number
of students is going down.
Instead of fighting for only
a small group of students.
I thought it would be better
to increase the number.
And you need Seo
Hye Jin to do that?
When I first came to this academy.
the biggest lecture room was...
as big as this one.
Right.
All the desks and chairs
were secondhand too.
Ms. Seo helped you grow this
academy into a major institution.
What if she sees this as
a bad attempt at charity?
If you sign off on this.
I'll look for a way to
persuade Ms. Seo.
So this will be a
deal. not charity.
I hope you can bring
me some good news.
The final exam is
coming up soon.
All the academies will
go into full battle mode.
Before the battle begins...
Let's get our
fighting spirit up.
Yes. sir.
(Although he goes
to Byung Young...)
So the teacher from
Chanyoung High won't use...
any supplementary materials?
That's what the schoolteacher
said. So my hands are tied.
Summarizing their notes from
school for them is a bad habit.
How harsh.
I can maintain the highest
number of students...
from Chanyoung
High thanks to this.
Go easy on that.
Your wrists and vocal cords...
are all we have. But
they all have an end date.
They have a short
shelf life for a reason.
Thanks for your concern.
- Ms. Seo.
- Yes?
I have something
to discuss with you.
Go ahead.
Could I talk to you in private?
How about the meeting room?
Sure.
Why did you suggest that?
No one asked you to do that.
Because I didn't want to.
It felt like I was
stealing your spot.
But he explained
the reason behind it.
But that was all based
on the director's hunch.
The other teachers would think
that I'm getting nothing more than...
just some special
treatment for no reason.
So you want to use
me as your shield?
To be precise. this will
be a strategic partnership.
My answer is no.
I knew it.
Being the face of the academy
won't bring a huge effect or anything.
It's just a symbolic role.
That's what people who couldn't
utilize this chance would say.
Enough is enough.
Just because I said you
should go for what you want.
do you think I suddenly
don't have any pride?
No. Ms. Seo. It's
not what you think.
Did you think I would
gladly say yes to your offer?
I knew you wouldn't be happy.
- Then what?
- I thought you would choose...
the benefit over your pride...
by staying cool-headed
just like now.
How was I just now?
You weren't surprised...
when I told you that your face
wouldn't be on the posters anymore.
I told you that you and
I had to compete too.
Don't say no just yet.
Please reconsider.
You should reconsider.
Seizing the chance when
it's presented in front of you...
is a skill you need to be
successful here. Okay?
(Lecture Room)
What was that?
So I have to find a way. right?
A way that can
benefit both of us.
When I find it. you
have to join me.
I told you that was unnecessary.
Come on. Promise me.
That's your signature move.
"If you can solve this. I'll
let you go home." You know?
Sure. find it then.
That's a promise.
You promise me too.
Anything.
The special lecture for the
finals is around the corner.
I don't have time to waste.
bickering over matters like this.
You have until tomorrow.
Sounds good.
- Here.
- Thank you.
You don't have any classes yet.
I thought I wouldn't have a
chance to talk to you until later.
I'm new to this neighbourhood.
I was wondering...
if I could get some help or if
you had any advice to pass on.
It's my understanding that...
counsellors have a lot of
experience and information.
Where did you hear that?
From an online forum.
I see.
What kind of advice do you want?
Well.
to tell you the truth.
I'm at a disadvantage.
I didn't graduate from
a prestigious school.
I don't have any teaching
experience in this neighbourhood.
Even so. You beat many impressive
candidates to get a job here.
You should be more confident.
Mr. Lee Jun Ho was...
called into the director's
office for a private meeting.
That must have hurt
your feelings a bit.
I want to show them
what I can do as a teacher.
What should I do?
I never thought...
I would be getting such an
innocent question in Daechi-dong.
I'm confident that I'm just as
good as any other teacher here.
Since you asked me
an innocent question.
I will give you an
innocent answer too.
Bring results in a
short period of time.
Pardon?
So how can I do that?
If I knew the answer to that.
I should be teaching here.
(Dasom Orthodontic Clinic)
(Daechi Chase's 1st
Scholarship Student) (Lee Jun Ho)
(Ok Jang Hoon. Gong
Jin Hee. Im Do Hee. )
(Yeom Jin Ho. Lee
Ji Soo. Lee Jung Min)
(Yang Soo Bin. Park Hyung Joon)
(Han Ye Sung. Jun
Hyun Ji. Seo Sung Mo)
(Schedule for Tenth Graders)
(Chanyoung High. Seo Hye Jin)
(Heewon High School. Seo Hye
Jin) (Not enough students enrolled)
(Schedule for Tenth Graders)
(Heewon High School. Seo Hye
Jin) (Not enough students enrolled)
(Schedule)
We...
are very well aware
of where we stand.
You're not going home?
Your department didn't
have any classes today.
I thought you guys
would go out for a meal.
I still have work left.
Let's go home.
You go ahead without
me. I have to wrap this up.
Did Jun Ho go somewhere?
I think he's still here too.
What?
Hey.
Shouldn't you go home?
Aren't you hungry?
I'm glad you're here.
Come inside for a second.
Please sit.
Come on.
Mr. Lee.
Jun Ho.
Yes. Ms. Seo.
You're bothering me.
I'm so busy right now.
I don't have the time or the
energy to teach you or guide you.
I doubt that you have time
to waste on this silly game.
You need to start teaching
right away. Don't you?
Just start with
the director's offer.
It's a great opportunity.
Let people know that
you're at Daechi Chase.
Start with that. Once the
students go on a break. you can...
Gosh.
I almost fell for it.
What?
You're bothering me too.
Hey.
If I could help it. I didn't
want to go against you...
and I was going
to do what you said.
- But what?
- I don't want to do that.
I'll do this with
you no matter what.
This is for my benefit.
- Jun Ho.
- You told me to find a way.
And I did.
All right.
Become my partner.
A joint curriculum. a
joint promotional ad.
and a joint lecture.
To put it simply. a teacher
and student sally forth.
This kind of chance won't
come often. You know?
Didn't I tell you? No one
here is your colleague.
But you said there
could be quid pro quo.
My answer is no.
I already have the highest number
of students from Chanyoung High.
But that's not your end goal.
I can handle my own business.
We should start with...
Heewon High School.
Getting good grades...
at this autonomous private
all-boys high school...
is as challenging as
at Chanyoung High.
This is uncharted territory
for you. In other words.
this is your Wailing Wall.
I realized it when I was
looking at the Hall of Fame.
That you mostly focused on
two schools at the minimum...
or three schools at max.
But the Seo Hye Jin I know...
would never be happy
with just a couple of schools.
She would have given her best.
Then I found it.
The evidence of
your best effort.
What did you see?
For the past three years.
you have held a total of
eight information sessions...
for the parents
from Heewon High.
But...
you never had enough
students to run a class.
Only three students signed up...
for your special lecture
for the midterm exam.
But you had to turn them away...
as the enrolment
requirement wasn't met.
Do you know why I couldn't
meet the requirement?
Because there was a chief
gatekeeper at the Wailing Wall.
This mythical figure has had...
the highest number
of students...
from Heewon High
for the past 20 years.
Right.
Choisun Academy.
Director Choi Hyung Sun.
Also known as...
White Haired Witch.
(Daechi Choisun Academy)
(Director's Office)
She's a former teacher
at Heewon High.
Then she started
teaching at an academy.
Four hundred students
from Heewon High...
are taking Director
Choi's class.
She has never cancelled
her class or been late...
in her 20 years of teaching.
Her crazy self-discipline
is so creepy that...
people call her a witch.
Gosh.
You did well on
your tests. right?
- Yes.
I've already emphasized
it many times.
Your school grades are the
factor that evaluates your diligence.
This isn't a time of
pain. but an opportunity.
It's a precious opportunity...
for you to beat your fellow
classmates who read...
thousands of books growing up.
You can't afford to
miss even one question.
- Yes. ma'am.
Let's do our best
today as usual.
- Yes. ma'am.
- Open your book to Page 89.
(Daechi Choisun Academy)
The monthly revenues she
makes from the students...
- of Heewon High...
- I'll make a lump-sum payment.
Must make the annual salary
of an executive look insignificant.
Her TAs changed several times.
But this loyal TA of hers has
been working for her for eight years.
Some say he's a
high school graduate.
Some say he has a PhD.
But the bottom line is
that no one knows for sure.
Where did you hear about her TA?
I called my friends who
went to Heewon High.
Everyone went to
Choisun Academy.
All the top Korean
teachers took a shot at her.
But they couldn't
even make a dent.
Teaching at an academy
at the age of 60...
isn't an easy thing to do.
Exactly.
The new generation
must take over.
I'm saying that changing
the promotional poster...
won't help us sign her students.
But we can mark
a new era with this.
With this
teacher-student concept?
Here's a thing about teachers.
They can stir up your
innermost ambitions.
Okay. Fine.
Say that I somehow got the
students from Heewon High enrolled.
That's a big gain for me. Yes.
But what about you?
What will you gain from this?
A glorious debut.
The news of breaking
down her gate.
Then the powerful ruler
will be furious at me.
The fury will
turn into attention.
That kind of attention
will have priceless value.
What do you think?
Is this worth your
time and energy?
Yes.
I'll have the
students sign up...
for this class schedule
for the final exam.
(Daechi Choisun Academy)
There hasn't been any changes
from the midterm schedule. correct?
Right. All the teachers are
focusing on their main school.
That explains why they're happy
with making 10.000 dollars a month.
Don't you know that things
are shaky at Chanyoung High?
All of their notes
from previous exams...
will be useless now.
That's why Mr. Lee Yi Joong...
will hold a big parent
information session...
Do you think he
can get the job done?
Our next year's sales
will be riding on this.
We don't have enough time
to recruit another teacher.
I'll do it. I'll take
Chanyoung High.
Pardon?
Tell them to put up a banner
I'll do a lecture for students...
from Chanyoung High.
Yes. ma'am.
When will you start?
Seo Hye Jin will
probably start her class...
six weeks before the exam.
Oh. right.
Seo Hye Jin.
Yes.
I'll start mine on the same day.
Well. why don't you
start a week earlier?
To have an upper hand.
Make it the same day.
Yes. ma'am. Understood.
At Heewon High. over
half of the students...
score higher than 90
points on the Korean exams.
So many students
get pushed down...
to the 4th class after getting
2 or 3 questions wrong.
The students have a
high level of education.
but they're overly sensitive.
That's my speciality.
I'm sure you know. Going up to
60 points from 10 points is easy.
But trying to get a perfect
score from 90 points...
Why do I even bother saying
it? It's worse than dying.
So did you want to die?
It was like going through
the loss of humanity.
As my class went up. the
materials got harder to study.
One by one. I started to see
my friends as walls I had to climb.
I didn't know.
I acted tough.
It's not very cool to let people
catch you feeling anxious.
Still. I was okay.
I had you.
Advertising isn't enough.
There has to be something
else with a big impact.
I know.
Getting kids is the first step.
Maintaining classes.
finding books to expand on.
and getting a good
lecture force is second.
Both are hard.
I am determined.
Don't make any plans from
10pm to midnight for the time being.
Are you doing this with me?
Well. co-lecturing while
preparing for exams...
isn't really something
I've tried before.
But I think it could
grab people's attention.
I will make sure that
you don't regret it.
If two lecturers are too far apart
in their teaching skills. it's over.
We'd just fall together.
Gosh. That will
never happen. Never.
Excuse me. I just warned you.
It means. "Don't
try to tie me down."
Got it?
What? Oh. okay.
Well. you're going to teach
like you mean it anyway.
You might even keep me from
going home like you used to.
Hey.
Shouldn't you be
thanking me first?
I don't express my
thanks with words.
Then what?
Jewels and riches.
A shining reputation.
The memories of victory
that you will take to the grave.
Stuff like that. I'll
give that to you.
I wish you could be
less of a smooth talker.
I know. right?
You shouldn't have
taught me so well.
Oh. right.
Right.
Almost forgot.
Here. Take a quick
look through these first.
- There will be a lot to study.
- Okay.
Send me a text
when you get home.
Forget it. Isn't it scarier
to get a text at night?
Still. text me.
Fine. I will. Bye.
Oh. and there's something
else I haven't told you.
What?
I'm moving out soon.
Did you get kicked out?
I'm just moving out.
Gosh. but with my savings.
I couldn't find anywhere to
live in this neighbourhood.
I nearly lost my mind while
going around to realtors...
So?
I'm looking for a
place near yours.
Why?
Well. it's cheaper
than this area.
And it'd be easy to carpool.
I won't have money for a
car once I pay my deposit.
Anyway. just letting you know.
Oh. and don't forget to text me.
I can't keep up with him.
I'm home.
Is that it?
Goodnight.
(Aren't you hungry?) (I'm
about to die of starvation.)
Aren't you hungry?
I'm about to die of starvation.
Sorry. Starting tomorrow.
let's work after we eat.
Yes!
Are you already asleep?
Ms. Seo?
Seo Hye Jin. Are you sleeping?
No.
Goodness. Look who it is.
Isn't this Director Choi?
It's been a while. Director.
What brings you here?
You never used to come
to directors' meetings.
It must be because I'm not
skilled at running my academy.
but I'm still busy lecturing.
so I couldn't show up.
I'm jealous in many ways.
- Shall we head inside?
- Of course.
These are the schedules
for special lectures...
by big single-subject
academies during finals season.
And these are the schedules
for the main math academies.
You have to avoid math
classes at each of the schools.
so please note these
in preparation for finals.
That darned math...
There isn't much
difference from the midterms.
Can we expect your schedules...
to remain the same as your special
lectures during the midterm season?
We're keeping things the same.
from having Wednesdays
off to seasonal schools.
Yes. sure.
Sounds good.
I think we might
have some changes.
Did you get more students
from Heewon High School?
It's not that. I was thinking...
I'd open up a class for
Chanyoung High School.
You mean you'd do
an in-person lecture?
The schools have changed
their exam question policies.
and we have to prepare to
take in pre-high school students.
We've been getting lots
of consultation inquiries.
I heard that you also hired...
a lecturer from a big
academy. Director Joo.
My goodness.
Rumours sure spread
fast in Daechi-dong.
The students at Chanyoung
High are so fortunate.
Ms. Seo Hye Jin is so talented.
Everyone else is just a
challenger. including me.
(Houses. Stores. Studios)
(Land. Stores.
Apartments. Houses)
(Monthly rent 1.000 dollars)
(Studio deposit 50.000 dollars)
Yes. Director.
I'm on my way to work.
Yes. I think it will take
me about 30 minutes.
All right.
As you said. this parent
information session...
will be conducted in two parts for
Heewon and Chanyoung High Schools.
We've already sent out text
messages to let people know.
We've also reserved the hotel
catering service as you mentioned.
The limit on the number of people
attending the session in person...
will be 50 people
in order of arrival.
I think about 30 people
would be enough.
We're worried that
more people might come.
In case it strains
your health. ma'am.
Yes?
Director. here is
what you asked for.
Thank you.
But maybe you should go
see a doctor if it's bothering you.
No. I'm fine. You
can step out now.
Yes. sir.
So. Ms. Seo.
it's good news to me that you
accepted Mr. Lee's suggestion.
It will be a good concept.
It's true. but...
An unexpected
variable has come up.
Choisun Academy is...
opening up an in-person lecture
by the director for Chanyoung High.
By Choisun Academy...
The White Haired Witch?
Ms. Seo has had...
the most students
from Chanyoung High...
for over seven years now.
Our efforts won't
fall apart that easily.
but it does make me anxious...
I mean. uncomfortable.
Gosh. I'm sorry.
Goodness.
So. let's put a hold on
changing the ads and whatnot.
I think our priority should be to
maintain our Chanyoung students.
Yes. sure. It
doesn't matter to me.
No.
Our goal isn't to maintain
the current figures.
Goodbye. then.
- We're in your care.
- Of course.
Chae Won. let's meet again.
- Bye.
- Okay. bye.
(Daechi Chase)
I earned my keep today as well.
You were born to do this job.
I'm halfway to being a shaman.
I can see where I should
scratch to satisfy people's itches.
Gosh. you're not far off
from setting off on your own.
Shush. you.
Think things through carefully.
It's less stressful to get
paid a monthly paycheck.
You never know when someone
will get into a fight or want to quit.
Being a director is just a
series of stressful situations.
Is something the matter?
I don't know.
But things felt quite serious
in the director's office.
He even had Ms. Seo
and Mr. Lee in there.
Heewon High School. you say...
And it's not just about
raking in the students...
that Director Choi loses.
We should shovel them in. The
White Haired Witch's students.
Starting with the 10th graders.
Gosh.
If this plan succeeds.
it will make the directors
of Daechi-dong...
jerk awake from their sleep.
That's what we want.
Look at you...
Sit next to each other.
Go on.
A bit closer.
Right next to each other.
Be affectionate.
Would the
teacher-student concept...
have enough of an impact?
We should make an impact.
How?
Well...
First of all. please make
a call to Director Choi.
To the White Haired Witch?
Gosh. why should I?
Just let her know that...
I am scared.
The principle is to only give
questions from the textbooks.
The meticulous memorization
method that Choisun Academy boasts...
will be a sure way...
The school curriculum...
Yes. director. This
is Choi Hyung Sun.
Our dear Ms. Seo
is scared to death.
I mean. if you take
this to an all-out war.
- it will become a huge hassle.
- Why do you need...
- the White Haired Witch's schedule?
- I mean...
She was nagging me so much
to at least get your schedule...
- for Chanyoung High School.
- I'm curious what she wants.
- Goodness.
- If it's just Chanyoung High.
- Yes.
- Or Seo Hye Jin's Chanyoung High.
- Oh. I see.
- Ms. Seo.
- I see.
- You're not really scared. right?
- Yes. got it. Thank you.
- Right.
- No. don't be sorry. No need.
- Indeed.
Yes. of course.
Have a good day. Bye.
Gosh.
It's as I expected.
Tuesdays and
Saturdays in the evening.
They're the same days
and times as Ms. Seo.
And she's even starting
her lectures on the same day.
They're also going
to teach 10th graders.
Are you smiling?
What will you do now?
You want to avoid
an all-out war?
There's no need to be
tempted by numbers.
Even though Director
Choi is a skilled veteran.
the battle stats between us...
are fairly equal.
Our lecturing skills.
reputations. level of books.
and even the grades
of the students we teach.
We can't change
anything overnight.
But there is one variable
that we can change freely.
- The days we teach?
- Yes.
Tuesdays and Saturdays...
(Tuesdays. Saturdays. night)
Leaving out the days
with Heewon High lectures.
the time slots that Director
Choi could choose are...
at least 8 and at most 10.
But Director Choi went ahead and
chose Tuesdays and Saturdays...
and exactly at the same
time slot as my lecture time.
When you said you were scared...
If someone was scared
and wanted to go all-in on...
maintaining her
Chanyoung High class.
she'd move her class to Wednesday
and Sunday evenings. 100 percent.
That's because this is the
time slot that Director Choi...
has been teaching Heewon
High classes for the past 20 years.
It's the safest time slot.
And if Director
Choi predicts that.
she'll change her
lecture schedule...
and hold her Chanyoung
High classes...
on Wednesday and
Sunday evenings.
That's because she's after
our Chanyoung High students.
Yes. probably.
Gosh.
But what if the White Haired
Witch doesn't move as we predicted?
- Mr. Park.
- Yes?
Let's change our schedule.
Move Chanyoung High to
Wednesday and Sunday evenings.
But that time slot is when you
teach Heewon High classes.
I should let them know
that I have no intention of...
adjusting our
schedules peacefully.
She won't have any intention of
adjusting our schedules peacefully.
Then. we'll leave our Chanyoung
High classes as they are.
and we'll go after Director
Choi's Heewon High classes.
Yes.
If Director Choi moves
her Heewon High classes...
as we predicted.
we'd be able to
shake her up a bit.
if not deliver a critical blow.
Without causing any confusion
for my Chanyoung High students.
we'd have the upper hand
in targeting Heewon High.
And even if Choisun Academy
doesn't move as we expected.
we won't lose anything.
This won't be enough.
Gosh. the real
part starts after this.
What?
We have another variable that
Director Choi doesn't know about.
Come on.
Jun Ho could use a tactic...
that the White Haired
Witch would never use.
But that's only one thing.
Free lectures.
A tactic only new
lecturers can use.
What do you mean
by that? Free lectures?
Mr. Lee.
We want to talk a little more.
Is it something I can't hear?
No.
Please excuse us.
Yes. sir.
- Is today okay?
- Yes. Good.
- Then. I'll make reservations.
- Okay.
Oh. here he comes.
Mr. Lee.
Yes?
You have time
this evening. right?
Today?
All of our teachers have
their own schedules.
so we can't have a
huge get-together.
but we were going to go and
grab drinks with whoever has time.
Come with us.
Oh. but I already
have plans for tonight...
Is it perhaps a date?
No. it's not that.
How many are we?
Shall I make the reservation?
Wait. We haven't
asked Ms. Seo yet.
The sun might set
before we decide.
I'll make the reservation
and call to add her if we must.
Heewon High School.
Did you have them
in mind since then?
Since when I suggested we
use Jun Ho as our poster boy?
If I could see that far ahead.
I'd have to change my
profession to fortune-telling.
I guess?
I didn't think he'd
say something...
as crazy as "teacher
and student sally forth."
Even more so that Choisun
Academy would come after us.
Honestly. all of that
was unexpected.
It is a fantastic idea but...
What were you going to do...
if I objected to the end?
I don't know. I
didn't consider that.
Why not?
I just thought Lee Jun
Ho would come to me.
It was a hunch.
Do me a favour. director.
What?
Jun Ho.
How about we use him
to promote our academy?
Why?
He went to Chanyoung
High School.
I'll do my best to
keep my students.
but he could be a
second line of defence.
You want to announce
Chanyoung High's...
- miracle kid is here?
- Yes.
It will appeal to the kids
with middling or low grades.
My old age is getting to me.
I want to make a
conservative decision.
I'm okay with
preserving the status quo.
Choi Hyung Sun's 60...
and she's going all
out to take me down.
Gosh.
We can't just sit still
and defend our position.
I'll teach Jun Ho as best I can.
Goodness.
What else can I
do but trust you?
You're Seo Hye Jin.
Oh. and about the free lecture.
We should keep it a secret until
the new advertisement goes up.
To give Choisun Academy
as little time to fight back.
Yes. Let's do that.
(Daechi Chase)
(Math for Medical Students)
Gosh.
I feel uncomfortable
having to tell you this.
But our principal and vice-principal
are hearing stuff from other people.
From what I heard.
even our board chairman
heard something too.
You say the extra
classes for math...
and science are special
programs to raise creative minds.
Are those classes...
just fine because they cater
to future students of medicine?
You teach Korean.
What do you do?
You have kids read whole
passages and share their thoughts.
They think...
that's a bit too much.
There are many
things you could teach.
Logical essay writing.
or you could branch off an episode
from the educational network.
A schoolteacher...
has the right to teach
independently and autonomously.
That is...
a right no one can touch.
Okay.
Don't expand the matter
by bringing rights into it.
I'm just asking you
to shift your focus...
to help students
do better in exams.
Mr. Pyo.
- Mr. Pyo.
- Excuse me.
What the... Seriously?
Mr. Pyo.
The academy's main instructor post
and appearing in the advertisement.
There's no point in dreaming of
them as long as Seo Hye Jin's around.
Poor me.
There's no beating her.
Even more so if
you teach English.
Do you have to say
something so upsetting...
in front of our new hires?
I don't mind. It's fine.
It's not.
You're mostly fine until
you sometimes feel hurt.
Excuse me.
Han Ju. it's been a while.
Are you done for the day?
Yes. I teach at Daechi-dong.
so I'm successful now.
I'm still trying to
find my bearings.
I called to ask you something.
Did Mr. Pyo Sang
Seob of Korean...
transfer schools?
I believe he had a year
left on his tenure there.
Yes.
Oh. really?
At least our academy
doesn't resort to cheap tricks.
We shouldn't do that too.
Excuse me. Would you mind...
if I go ahead?
What? Ms. Nam.
You said we should
drink until we die.
I'm really sorry. I remembered I
had to do something real urgent.
Sorry. See you all tomorrow.
- Take care.
- Bye.
(Daechi Chase)
(Special Lecture)
A free lecture?
No way.
You'll teach part of
a three-hour lecture...
to give the students a taste.
It's something new
instructors sometimes do.
If that works.
why didn't you do that?
Have you been to a noodle
sampling at a supermarket?
Of course.
Do they ever give out samples
of the best-selling product?
No. You know the taste.
Exactly. Both Choi Hyung
Sun and I are instructors...
with a long history and
everyone knows our taste.
You're a new release
that no one has tasted yet.
Gosh.
What?
My gosh.
When my grades
plateaued for a while.
my mom checked out
so many other academies.
I know that. Everyone
talked about you.
But I insisted on
sticking with you.
Why?
Because you never gave up trying to
persuade me or make me understand.
So what?
Are you ready to study now?
Yes.
I'll send you the notes and
syllabus I came up with...
to target the Heewon High kids.
Choose the part you're
most confident with.
- I don't mind what I teach.
- Okay.
Why can't anyone else see this?
Well...
Our joint lecture is
still a secret. right?
Of course.
Not knowing that.
what if they saw this?
What if Ms. Nam or
Ms. Kim were to see us?
How do you think
they would feel?
Rumours would spread.
They'll think you're getting
preferential treatment.
That Seo Hye Jin of all people
is sharing her teaching know-how.
Kim Chae Yun worked
with me for five years.
and I never did this for her.
Lecture skills.
It's a great business
trade for a teacher.
A business trade?
Instructors who quit...
take a list of their
students and disappear.
This is preferential treatment.
And double the work for you.
So I need you to focus so I
don't have to do this again.
Okay.
(A teacher and
student sally forth)
(Daechi Chase's miracle Lee Jun
Ho. Main instructor Seo Hye Jin)
(The best Korean lectures so
far weren't actually the best!)
I like the picture.
(Attached files)
(New email)
(To Seo Hye Jin)
(The mail was
sent successfully.)
To properly understand
"Hunminjeongeum Created by Sejong."
you must master the basic
concept of middle-age Korean.
The principles of creation.
The consonants and vowels.
You need to know
how they were created.
Let's start with the consonants.
The number of Hunminjeongeum's
initial consonants...
There are 17.
(Hunminjeongeum
Created by Sejong)
You graduated years ago
and you remember that?
I'm playing a model student.
The basic rule of
initial consonants is...
To write as it sounds.
The rules of creation are?
Hieroglyphs. added
strokes. exceptions.
Should I just
stop? Call this off?
You can quit.
This PIN is not registered.
Why won't it work?
(Daechi Chase)
Oh. right.
You may enter.
Who is it?
Shoot.
My bag's in the office.
- My bag.
- Oh. no.
Is anyone here?
(10th Grade Social
Studies. Min Hui Ju)
(10th Grade Korean. Seo Hye Jin)
Hi. Chae Yun.
Oh. I'm so very sorry.
I came back to the academy...
to read up on something.
I'm not ambitious at all.
Yes. I'll treat you
properly next time.
Okay. Bye. See you.
Don't laugh.
(Material Check-out Log)
(Chanyoung High
School. Past Exams)
(Written Exam. 2nd Semester
of 2023. 10th Grade Korean)
I don't think she'll leave.
Let's see.
What will you do?
Wait here.
Why did she leave her lamp on?
Pack your things.
My gosh. Do you have everything?
Let's take the stairs.
Ms. Seo.
What?
Your hand. Why is it so cold?
They're always cold.
You got scared.
You can't accomplish
anything big if you're this timid.
It's not like we got
caught holding hands.
Let's go.
No. You take the passenger seat.
I might end up dead if
I let you drive tonight.
Let me.
Get in.
What do you think
Nam Cheong Mi's up to?
I don't know. The others
will be eating and drinking.
You must be hungry too.
It's fine. I'll snack on
something at home.
I have to pose for
photos tomorrow.
Will I look all puffy?
We can't allow that.
Image is everything.
But then. I'm crazy handsome
even when I'm puffy-faced.
Ms. Nam. Over here.
I'm so sorry.
You should be in bed.
Not at all.
I was still up
waiting for my son.
Why did you want to see me?
Well...
- Ms. Kim.
- Yes?
My future class.
Would it be a nuisance to Ms.
Seo if I taught Chanyoung High kids?
- Chanyoung High?
- Yes.
I think I could do well.
That would be a
massive nuisance.
And it won't be a wise
decision for you either.
I looked up some material...
and I think I have
a competitive edge.
Some academies goad
instructors by getting them...
to teach students
from the same school.
but we don't recommend that.
I see.
I put together a
list of schools...
our existing instructors were
too stretched out to cover.
I really want to do this.
I'll help you out.
Mom?
You're home at last.
Why are you out here?
This is an instructor
at our academy.
She wanted to ask me something.
This late?
Oh. I should let you go home.
Okay. Ms. Nam.
- See you tomorrow.
- Okay.
- Let's go inside.
Why do you come
home late all the time?
Why? Did you miss me?
Yes.
So what?
What a shame.
Hello. Mr. Lee.
Well? Do you like how it looks?
It's the best.
It couldn't be better than this.
(A teacher and
student sally forth)
My gosh.
(A teacher and
student sally forth)
(Daechi Chase's miracle Lee Jun
Ho. Main instructor Seo Hye Jin)
(The best Korean lectures so
far weren't actually the best!)
What?
It would've been nice if
you'd given me a heads-up.
Ms. Seo was all about
keeping it under wraps.
You know we can't
ignore any of her requests.
You should consider how
the other instructors will feel.
The other instructors...
have you to talk to and lean on.
There will be a backlash.
A backlash?
They'll understand
the reasoning.
but this involves emotions.
Goodness.
Are they even qualified?
Tell them to bring me
an outstanding idea...
like that of Seo Hye
Jin and Lee Jun Ho.
and I'll willingly
spend to build on it.
If they don't want to do that.
tell them to think carefully...
about what will
actually benefit them.
"Enjoy the show
and eat the leftovers."
I can't tell them that. can I?
You don't have
to put it so harshly.
Let's be professional about it.
I know we're supposed
to fend for ourselves.
but I can't help
but feel let down.
A heads-up would've been nice.
Sorry.
I wanted to tread cautiously.
Don't you care about what's
fair and equal anymore?
Consider me a scout of sorts.
You all ended up
teaching more students...
by placing classes
before and after mine.
Heewon High School is
an opportunity for you too.
If you place your classes
before and after mine.
you'll have a better chance
of starting a Heewon class.
What then?
It won't hurt your
careers at all.
Is that a promise?
I'll mention your
classes whenever I teach.
And I'll insert your flyers
whenever I hand out material.
So don't be too upset about it.
What about me? I teach
the same subject as you.
Once I start a
Heewon High class.
you can take over
my Daesan High class.
Please help me out.
You'd better open a class
for Heewon High kids.
I'm angry. so I expect
leftovers from your table at least.
Okay.
Are you both well-prepared?
Somewhat?
You know lots of people
are watching you. right?
Be fair and keep an eye
on the people around you.
That's what I hope you'll do.
That's what I'm doing.
The crown comes
with a responsibility.
You should love
your fans equally.
How about a coffee?
- Here you go.
- Thanks.
I'm not that upset about it.
Why not?
I'm reluctant to share
because I might look crafty.
If this works.
we'll all benefit...
from the students
Ms. Seo will bring in.
- What if it fails?
- That's the point.
If you must fail. it's
best to do so quietly.
If she were to fail
after stirring things up.
the damage would be incredible.
Basically. whether Ms.
Seo pulls this off or not.
we have nothing to lose.
That's why the other team leaders
didn't complain too strenuously.
Plus. the White Haired
Witch started the fight.
It won't be easy.
The water to sauce ratio...
has to be thicker.
- What's that?
- What?
- Have a taste.
- No way.
What is it?
- You eat that?
- Yes.
- Stir-fried chicken?
- I don't want it.
Try pork next time.
He's an ordinary guy
who teaches for free.
The headline's a bit
provocative on our part.
Who is this Lee Jun Ho?
Seo Hye Jin taught him
all through high school.
He got eighth class in his
first high school mock exam.
and the then college student
Seo got him into Korea University.
It was talk of the
town back then.
I think I remember.
His mother was famously
influential in Daechi-dong at the time.
and that's how Seo ended up
with a Chanyoung High following.
They helped each other out.
Well.
I don't think you need to
worry about this too much.
Mr. Park Ki Sung.
How long have you worked for me?
This is my eighth year.
And...
you think this is a
simple free lecture?
With one call.
they made me move
my Heewon High classes.
Then the day my
class is scheduled.
they scheduled this event.
three hours before my class starts.
Does this brazen challenge...
seem ordinary to you?
What I meant is.
it would never succeed.
Do you know what problem
students with low grades have?
They don't know what
it is they don't know.
Such students must have
knowledge beaten into them.
If you're a teacher.
The upcoming final
exam works in our favour.
Why?
Heewon High's midterms
focus more on grammar.
I see.
It's hard to stand out.
- I'm off to a class.
- Okay.
Seo Hye Jin speaking.
It's Choi Hyung Sun
from Choisun Academy.
Goodness.
We get to speak on the
phone before we even meet.
I'm sorry you had to meet me
through a rude advertisement.
Don't feel sorry.
I called to ask you
to do me a favour.
I'd like you to do your utmost
at the upcoming free lecture.
That's all I want to say.
Lots of people teach smaller
classes of Heewon High students.
but it's so hard to find
one worth bench-marking.
I'm hoping what you're planning
will provide us with a challenge.
I called to say that.
Okay. I look forward to
your lecture that caters to...
Chanyoung High students.
If you end up opening
a full-time class. that is.
(The Midnight Romance in Hagwon)
I'll teach Chanyoung
High students too.
- Ms. Nam.
- She should have better morals.
Say that to her face
and you'll get shot.
Ms. Seo.
What can a 60-year-old do?
Do we just have to guess
what will be in the exam?
What else must we do for them?
Do as I say and don't
complain. I'm right.
Seo Hye Jin's lecture
will be cancelled.
What a shame. She'll
have worked so hard for it.
The attendance
rate is 99 percent.
- A memorable triumph.
- Let's create one together.
Did you announce it properly?
I think the teacher and
student lecture will flop.
Prove that...
your face is next to mine not
because you were favoured.